CampusCMS
==========

CampusCMS is a content management system for college websites that allows users to effectively create and manage content on college websites. A Content Management System (CMS) is a computer program that allows publishing, editing and modifying content as well as maintenance from a central interface. Such systems of content management provide procedures to manage workflow in a collaborative environment. These procedures can be manual steps or an automated cascade. CMSs are often used to run websites containing blogs, news, and shopping. Many corporate and marketing websites use CMSs. CMSs typically aim to avoid the need for hand coding, but may support it for specific elements or entire pages. The core function and use of content management systems is to present information on websites. CMS features vary widely from system to system. Most CMS include Web-based publishing, format management, revision control (version control), indexing, search, and retrieval.

A web content management system (web CMS) is a bundled or stand-alone application to create, manage, store and deploy content on Web pages. Web content includes text and embedded graphics, photos, video, audio, and code (e.g., for applications) that displays content or interacts with the user. A web CMS may catalog and index content, select or assemble content at runtime, or deliver content to specific visitors in a requested way, such as other languages. Web CMSs usually allow client control over HTML-based content, files, documents, and web hosting plans based on the system depth and the niche it serves Today's education scenario is rapidly changing and demanding. The system demands greater levels of communication between college, student and faculty members to have optimum use of resources. CampusCMS comes with a fully functional Student Portal System. The features rich portal system offers many facilities for students, faculties and administrator like creating and sharing contents and documents, communicating with other users. For the implementation of this project we use Python and MySql as backend and angularjs, Html 5, Css3 as front end.
